---
layout: post
number: 5
start: 2024-02-28 18:00:00
end: 2024-02-28 22:00:00
where: soda
tags:
    - Alex Russel
    - Babs Smith
    - John-Robin Bold
---

We’re very happy to announce Dorkbot Manchester #5! Featuring talks and demos
from...


### Alex Russel
Alex Russell (<a href='https://twitter.com/alexrussell_art'>@alexrussell_art</a>) is an artist and creative coder. He works with code and digital/analogue media, using generative systems that assemble libraries of his images into one-off artworks. His code combines algorithms that model compositional methods from art and design with complex systems theory, creating unique outputs each time they run.
### Babs Smith
Babs Smith (<a href='https://twitter.com/babssmithart'>@babssmithart</a>) is a multidisciplinary artist based in Manchester. Her practice explores our visceral relationship with climate change using traditional mediums and new technologies.

### John-Robin Bold
John-Robin Bold (<a href='https://twitter.com/johnrobinbold'>@johnrobinbold</a>) is an immaterial artist working with electronic music, internet and installation art. His practice explores the aesthetic mutations of digital media and their unforeseeable impact on music, art, subjectivity and society at large.

## Demos

### Andee Collard
Andee Collard (<a href='https://twitter.com/andeecollard'>@andeecollard</a>) is a Bolton-based artist who integrates machine-assisted techniques into his painting and drawing practice with a portable custom French box easel plein art machine. Andee fosters a symbiotic relationship with his machines, influencing and enhancing his artistic process.

### Graft Games
Graft Games (<a href='https://twitter.com/gemmamaypotter'>@gemmamaypotter</a> &amp; <a href='https://twitter.com/james_medd'>@james_medd</a>) combine classic gaming mechanics with craft equipment, creating unique experiences that blur the boundaries between playfulness and productivity.

### Prateek Kumar Gupta
Prateek Kumar Gupta is a Future Media Production Student at SODA. He will demonstrate “Fluxora”, a virtual YouTuber created using a motion capture smart suit. 

## Installation

John-Robin Bold, Audio Library of a Viewable World

## Information

Doors open and demos start at 6pm, talks start at 6.30pm. We’ll be in room 1.01 on the first floor in SODA. Masks welcome.

5 minute Open Dork speaking slots are available to anyone, and there’s space for more demos! If you’d like to talk or show a project, let us know by DM or email: <a href="mailto:dorkbotmcr@gmail.com">dorkbotmcr@gmail.com</a>

